# Numbers-Game

The objective of the game is to guess a number that is randomly generated by the game engine. On each guess, the game will indicate (using a message) how Low or High your guess is from the actual generated number. Upon guessing the correct number, one is presented with the option to play again.

## Description
The user goes to the App and finds a homepage that tells them the rules of the game and allows them to play the game as a guest.

They have 3 chances to guess the correct number(which has already been generated at random and saved by the computer).

If the number is higher than the correct number, they should get a message telling them that the number they guessed was too high.

If the number is lower than the correct number, they should get a message telling them that the number they guessed was too low. 

However, if they fail to get the correct number after 3 tries, regardless of whether the number they put in was high or low, they should get a message that they failed and also the number they should have guessed.

### Technologies Used
Javascript and its frameworks(React,Node js,Express Js)
* Node.js - Javascript runtime
* React - A javascript library for building user interfaces
* Babel - A transpiler for javascript
* Webpack - A module bundler
* Bootstrap - An open source toolkit for developing with HTML, CSS, and JS

## Coming Soon

* A panel to display wins vs losses for as long as the window is open. 

* Registration of an account and log-in possibility into the Game, to save and always be able to view the Number of games played and won and/or lost cumulatively.

* Multi player possibility where you invite and compete with a friend and not always a computer.

## Getting Started

These instructions will install a copy of the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites
The following software is required to be installed on your system:

```bash
Node 16.x
```
```bash
Npm 8.x
```

Type the following commands in the terminal to verify your node and npm versions

```bash
node -v
```
```bash
npm -v
```

### Install
Follow the following steps to get development environment running.

* Clone 'Number-Game' repository from GitHub

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ML-ex/Number-Game.git
```

 OR USING SSH

```bash
git clone git@github.com/ML-ex/Number-Game.git
```

* Locate the Game folder locally 

```bash
cd Number-Game
```

* Install node modules

```bash
npm install
```

### Build
* Build application

** This command will also run ESLint as part of build process.

npm run build

* Build application and start watching for changes

** This command will also run ESLint as part of build process.

npm run build:watch

### Run ESlint

* Lint project using ESLint

```bash
npm run lint
```

### Run

* Run start

This will run the 'serve' npm task

```bash
npm start
```
Go to ```bash http://localhost:3000``` to view the app